Expose pass timings (#624)
numba/llvmlite: docs/source/user-guide/binding/pass_timings.rst

============
Pass Timings
============

.. currentmodule:: llvmlite.binding

.. function:: set_time_passes(enable)

>     Enable or disable pass timers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enable or disable the pass timers.
```

.. function:: report_and_reset_timings()

>     Returns pass timings report and reset LLVM internal timers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the pass timings report and resets the LLVM internal timers.
```
